docs: warn about hydration issue with anchor (#24961)
nuxt/nuxt: docs/3.api/2.composables/use-route.md

- `path`: encoded pathname section of the URL
- `redirectedFrom`: route location that was attempted to access before ending up on the current route location

::callout

> The router isn't able to detect if there is an anchor in the path server-side. Using the `fullPath` in the template can trigger hydration issues.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Browsers don't send URL fragments (for example `#foo`) when making requests. So using `route.fullPath` in your template can trigger hydration issues because this will include the fragment on client but not the server.
```
